Documentation - add why KFP Operator section (#370)
sky-uk/kfp-operator: docs-gen/content/docs/getting-started/overview.md

weight: 1
---

The Kubeflow Pipelines Operator (KFP Operator) provides a declarative API for managing and running ML pipelines with Resource Definitions on multiple providers.
A provider is a runtime environment for managing and executing ML pipelines and related resources.

### Why KFP Operator

> The idea behind the project came about because as engineers we wanted to apply our engineering best practices behind the 
> process of deploying a trained model to be served in a production environment. We wanted to get away from the mentality of 
> "I just need this trained model in Production" or the "If it's 10 lines of code I'd rather copy and paste it".

Reviewer: Rather than the quotes, how about something like
```suggestion
We started this project to promote the best engineering practices in the Machine Learning process, while reducing the operational overhead associated with deploying, running and maintaining training pipelines. We wanted to move away from a manual, opaque, copy-and-paste style deployment and closer to a declarative, traceable, and self-serve approach.

```

> Data scientists produce the artifact of the "model training pipeline code" (which is fully promotable through the environments)
> and then the deployment configuration for the pipeline etc. can be applied in the different environments, giving the required
> training in each environment on the path to production. Linked with the serving component then gives you a fully testable path to production for the model.

Reviewer: “Data scientists" can mean a lot of things in the industry and I don't think we should use that term here. Also wanted to clarify how simple resources are all that's needed - "deployment configuration for the pipeline etc" might be confusing
```suggestion
By configuring simple Kubernetes resources, machine learning practitioners can run their desired training pipelines in each environment on the path to production in a repeatable, testable and scalable way. When linked with serving components, this provides a fully testable path to production for machine learning systems.
```

![cd-ct](/images/cd-ct.svg)

> KFP Operator allows for the separation of the two concerns, data science and deployment configuration. KFP Operator provides 
> the link between CD and CT to provide Level 2 of the [MLOps Maturity model](https://cloud.google.com/architecture/mlops-continuous-delivery-and-automation-pipelines-in-machine-learning#mlops_level_2_cicd_pipeline_automation). 

Reviewer: to make sense with the above suggestions:
```suggestion
Through separating training code from infrastructure, KFP Operator provides 
the link between CD and CT to provide Level 2 of the [MLOps Maturity model](https://cloud.google.com/architecture/mlops-continuous-delivery-and-automation-pipelines-in-machine-learning#mlops_level_2_cicd_pipeline_automation). 
```
